Doc: Fix formatting to prepare for migration (#181)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-jdbc: CHANGELOG.md

## 5.5.3

>   - FIX: the input plugin's prior behaviour of opening a new database connection for each scheduled run (removed in `v5.4.1`) is restored, ensuring that infrequently-run schedules do not hold open connections to their databases indefinitely, _without_ reintroducing the leak [#130](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-jdbc/pull/130)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [DOC] Rework inline comment to a callout in preparation for upcoming MD conversion [#181](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-jdbc/pull/181)
```
